Found typos, unwanted spaces and articles usage (#20152)
github/docs: content/README.md

### Preventing transformations

> Sometimes you want to link to a Dotcom-only article in Enterprise content and you don't want the link to be Enterprise-ified. To prevent the transformation, including the preferred version in the path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you want to link to a Dotcom-only article in Enterprise content and you don't want the link to be Enterprise-ified. To prevent the transformation, you should include the preferred version in the path.
```

To create a product guides page (e.g. [Actions' Guide page](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/guides)), create or modify an existing markdown file with these specific frontmatter values:

> 1. Use the product guides page template by referencing it's `layout: product-guides`

Reviewer: It should be "its" but we generally try to avoid using pronouns as these can be ambiguous, especially for translated content. I am going to suggest the following:
```suggestion
1. Use the product guides page template by referencing `layout: product-guides` in the frontmatter.
```

> 1. Use the product guides page template by referencing `layout: product-guides` in the frontmatter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the product guides page template by referencing `layout: product-guides`.

> 2. (optional) Include the learning tracks in [`learningTracks`](#learningTracks)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. (optional) Include the learning tracks in [`learningTracks`](#learningTracks).
```
